So take your work. It does happen. You know, uh, it's they say that the
navy runs on coffee. Yes, all are smaller. That war to looking over
nineties on. Personally, I was always a great judge of bad coffee
because we didn't have a Starbucks on four of my ship, actually off
all my shift's weeding out Starbucks, you could maybe go to a stop. But
we have Starbucks that stuff on fancy electrolytes and all that good
stuff. So we'll handle fatigue. It goes back to the old phrase of
our wooden ships. You have to be in shape. You after your coffee,
you have to punch yourself whatever it takes, advising anyone to beat
to crap out of themselves and slot before all You know what? You're
trying to stay off. Wait. Especially if you're on the bridge and you've
got a watch to stay away to get up to get the next watch. Well,
believe it because you have 300 souls depending upon you and your
judgment. And if you were on the ship aground to the ship because you're
tired, loads is no excuse at all. So drop it. Give me another 20
on I stay away The best you can. Let's go. You know your body past,
don't you